Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, before we start working on the dashboard screen, we can create the functionality to log out the
seller.
Okay, now, to do this, we have to go to where we have this icon.
And you can see we have that within the.
So we can go to the hub and the actions and then the icon button.
And over here in the future, we are going to be using the awaits.
And in order to use the await, we have to use the async or via OC.
And now we can just go ahead and use the await.
With and faster.
Sorry firebase auth.
So for that those instance then dot sign up OC.
Okay.
This is basically it.
And you can see currently this is going to take some time to sign out to the user.
And that is why we are awaiting it in order to make this finish first.
And after this finishes, then we want to go back to the.
Stella Logan.
So we can say navigator now.
We can spell that again.
Navigator.
Those words don't push for the roots or roots.
It is something known as materia mathy via page.
Roots or roots oc contest.
And.
Basically we want to return to the seller, log in screen.
Okay.
Now use control and save.
And let's go try this out.
Look, I click on this now.
Hmm.
Simms, could.
We can just try this again.
Famous store.
Kimmel.
The email mail.
The mail mail demanded calm and the password is BJ Mark.
The log in.
Okay.
Take me the.
I think I made a mistake.
Seymour's sister.
If it.
If it does not work this time, I'm not.
Okay.
Dashboard.
And now we can log in and log that.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.